issue 397 KMK and DSK wrt card re-issuance (#616)
usnistgov/FIPS201: _FIPS201/requirements.md

UUID.

A new PIV authentication certificate and a new card authentication certificate **SHALL** be generated. The

> corresponding certificates **SHALL** be populated with the new FASC-N and card UUID. For cardholders with government-issued email account, the digital signature and key management keys and associated certificates are required. A new digital signature key and associated certificate **SHALL** be generated on the new PIV card, while 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
corresponding certificates **SHALL** be populated with the new FASC-N and card UUID. For cardholders with government-issued email accounts, the digital signature and key management keys and associated certificates **SHALL** be populated. A new digital signature key and associated certificate **SHALL** be generated on the new PIV card, while 
```

Reviewer 2: Agree with Jim's edits
